The indexes of DataFrame.describe(percentiles=[0.29, 0.57, 0.58]) are incorrect (#48298)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.6.0.rst

Indexing
^^^^^^^^

> - Bug in :func:`format_percentiles` when formatting percentiles, more decimals than needed shown(:issue:`46362`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`~DataFrame.describe` when formatting percentiles in the resulting index showed more decimals than needed (:issue:`46362`)
```

Author: ok
